I've made $100 million making emails for
e-commerce brands. And in this video,
I'm going to be going through my exact
process A to Z. Creating emails for two
big brands, Calvin Klein and Feastable
to show you how to create professional
and high-converting emails from scratch.
This will be from ideiation to writing
the copy to designing the emails all the
way to putting these emails into our
sending platform for these to actually
be sent. Now, if you just skip to the
end and look at the final emails, you're
not going to get any value because
what's most valuable is you being able
to see exactly how my brain thinks, the
different psychological triggers that
I'm using within these emails. You can
only see if you watch this video in
full. These are the secrets that allow
me to help brands scale profitably with
the cheapest form of marketing on the
planet, which is email. So, let's get
right into it. So, the first part of our
email creation process is ideation. What
is the idea behind our emails? That
could be a bestseller email. We could do
an email just highlighting an FAQ of
ours. Whatever it is, we want to be
really specific with what our emails
are. You can get a ton of inspiration by
going to chat GPT or you can just go
around your website and try to think of
some ideas. So, if I go to Calvin
Klein's website here, I have a ton of
different ideas that I could create.
Father's Day is coming up. So, we could
create a Father's Day email highlighting
different Father's Day gifts. Do a thank
you email just towards dads. Could do a
whole email about 50% off sitewide.
Could do a underwear highlight. And then
specifically about underwear, we could
highlight our ingredients. Why do we
choose these ingredients? We could talk
about where we source our ingredients.
Tons of different ideas. Now, I want to
have two different styles of emails for
this video. And so, for Fastables, I'm
going to do more of an educational
email, whereas for Calvin Klein, I want
to do a sale sort of email. And so,
looking at MILD, which is just a free
website, mil.com, where you can spy on
other brands emails and everything that
they're sending. I noticed that they
have this friends and family sale, which
is essentially 40% off sitewide. So,
let's just do an email focusing on this
and highlighting this offer so that we
can create a high-converting email when
we do sales. So, I put in the relevant
notes here for the brief for this email
so that we can write the copy. Friends
and family sale 40% off the whole store,
but you get an extra 20% off if you buy
in store. So, pushing people to actually
go to the physical locations. So, they
have a new collection of logo pieces
that we want to highlight in this email.
And then just to give some people some
outfit inspiration, we're going to be
like, okay, pair those logo pieces with
denim. And then boom, that's an email
brief. Now, let's go to the idea behind
festivals. So, there's lots of different
stuff here. We can do birthday cake
batter new product right here. And look,
we get the we get the popup. Looks like
there's something peanut butter. I'm a
big fan of peanut butter. So, I kind of
want to do something peanut butter
related. Look at that. That looks This
is some good imagery that we could use
in the email. And then being able to
design with like the peanut butter.
Let's do something that's highlighting
their peanut butter uh product right
here. So, we could do a peanut butter
highlight. Let me do a little bit of
extra research on this. So, this is
actually an older flavor, but really
what works well psychologically in
people is if you make things seem new.
And so if we could do some sort of like
restock or some sort of relaunch sort of
vibe for this peanut butter chocolate
bar, that should perform really well.
Even if you don't have a ton of new
products coming out, you can use this
little psychology and do product
highlights and make it kind of seem like
this is a new thing coming out. Cuz a
lot of people might not know that he has
peanut butter chocolate bars, which I
didn't know. So we're going to do a
product highlight here. But another
thing that people really aren't aware of
with this chocolate company is their
ethical sourcing. I saw this page on
their website on their ethical sourcing
and how they're actually giving back and
they're trying to take down big
chocolate companies who take advantage
of small communities, specifically
communities in Africa. So, this is
something that we really want to promote
in our email. So, let's do a product
highlight of the peanut butter chocolate
while also talking about our fair trade
and commitment to ethical sources. We
give people something really
irresistible with the chocolate and then
we back it up with social proof and
giving people a reason to feel happy
about their purchase. And so, here's the
brief peanut butter chocolate feature.
We're going to have a sustainability
section taken from this section and they
have a lot of solid designs and imagery.
So, we want to carry these over and add
email sections and make these higher
converting. Then, I've just linked to
the product here so that we can have it.
So, there is our ideation. Now, let's
get into actually writing the copy. So,
this is how I like to write copy. I like
to actually visualize what my email is
going to look like by its different
sections. So, I entered this into a
Google doc and split things up into the
different sections. Most good emails are
going to follow this layout where you
have a hero section which is going to be
kind of like where the customer doesn't
need to scroll. It's right at the top of
the email. We'll have a bridge section
and then a product section and then
finally the footer at the bottom. That's
how most emails will look but not all of
them. I just like to start out here so I
can really visualize my email. And
always, always, always what I'm doing is
I'm going to a website like milled or
like really goods.com or emaildonut.com
and stealing inspiration and emails that
I like from these brands so that I can
piece together my own unique email. And
so pretty much for every sort of email
layout, we're going to have a headline
and then some body copy and then a
button at the top of the email. We like
this sort of layout. We like this sort
of layout. We like this. I would like
this if there was a button up here. We
like this. We don't like this cuz
there's no button. If there was a button
up here, that'd be good. But
essentially, this is what we want to do.
Something I really like here that I
think I just got inspiration from for
Calvin Klein is having two buttons in
the hero section. So this brand right
here, they're doing get fourpack, get
the six-pack. Now, what we can do for
Calvin Klein since we have men and women
is at the top of our email, we can have
a shop woman and a shop men button. And
I think this is the most used hero
section layout, and it's probably the
safest thing that we can do. Maybe once
we get to designing, we can have a
little bit more fun. But I'm probably
just going to go with a headline focused
on the discount offer, making that as
clear as possible. Maybe have a little
bit of body copy and then have shop men
and then shop woman right here. And then
we can have a graphic of some sort in
the top section. Usually for clothing
brands, you really need to show the
product. And so I'm probably going to do
a photo gallery. So I'm just going to
put a photo gallery section right here.
And then we'll see what we want to do
once we get to designing. Since this is
a sale email, you don't always need a
bridge. You kind of just want people to
just go and shop shop right now. So I
think I'm going to get rid of the bridge
section and just go straight to the
product section. So we have 40% off. We
want to promote the logo pieces. So how
about we have this whole hero section be
about the logo pieces. And then the
product section, let's highlight the
denim products and say like pair with
these different products. So, it's been
about 10 minutes since I last did this,
but essentially I'm trying to get
inspiration for this product section. I
found this brand, Bronze Snake. I just
looked up like fashion and looked up the
niche and kind of found this brand and I
was like, "Okay, I like some of these
parts." And so, we want a product
section to be super simple. So, I'm
thinking something like this by women
and men, splitting different sections,
showing both women and men's products.
And then, I like how this is shown. And
I thought this was cool. You have the
lady like going over top the frame. So I
want to do something like this for men
and women. We'll just replace like this
with this little box to give it some
more life. And we'll do that for all of
them. And so this is how I had this
section kind of like lay out. And then
we can add the copy after this. So if
you're working with a designer, you can
prompt them with something like this.
But essentially, I said women's denim,
show the products like this. And then
we're going to have two products for
women product image. We're going to have
the name. Then we're going to have price
before slash it out. and then show the
40% off price. I found this is super
effective for sales. Do the same on this
side and then a shop woman's button and
then men's denim here. Forgot to have
the headline. We're going to do pair
with denim at the top and then we'll
have the men's denim. Add this button
shop men's and then boom. And then we'll
have the footer. And then actually for
one last little piece, what I'm going to
do is add one more section just
prompting people again to say, "Hey, if
you want an extra 20% off, you can go
and store." So I'm just going to put
that in here for now and then we'll come
back as we write the copy. So now we
need a headline, body copy, and then
we're pretty much good to go here. We
just need to put in our product
information and then a section on
spending in store. So what I'm going to
do is now I'm going to call in chat GPT
to help me out. This is a free custom
GPT that you can have access to. I
actually made this with over 500 docs of
email marketing trainings and tons of
back and forth and development over the
past 6 months and you can have it for
free if you click this button. Then it's
going to prompt you to like be like,
okay, what exactly are you looking for?
I have a question about email marketing.
Write me an email marketing campaign,
which is what we're going to do here.
Give me email campaign ideas. So you
could use this to replace that first
step that we had. Create an email
campaign calendar and then create me a
graphic to use in my email. We're just
going to have us write an email
marketing campaign. So I'm going to type
B and then here it's spitting out, okay,
what's the website of the brand? Give me
two to three sentences describing and
the products and all the stuff so I can
create those. Okay, so I just filled
this out answering these quick questions
and we should be good to go. Then if we
don't like kind of the copy that it
spits out, then we can add in some more
information about like our tone of
voice. So, I'm just going to send this
in and then we should get quite a few
options with different like headlines
and sections we can use. All right. So,
we can see it spitting out tons of
different variations for us to use here.
You can see it has body copy, bridge
section, and then the product section
here. Really, all I care about is the
headline, sub headline, body copy.
Everything else we kind of mapped out.
You can see though that it spit out a
couple good uh bridge sections here as
well with like step one, step two, step
three, infographic of like new of like a
styling. So bold look breakdown
breakdown different products. So pretty
cool ideas here. So I think in this case
I'm not going to do a sub headline. So I
think I might just do I might just take
this sub headline just super simple 40%
off everything plus extra 20% off in
store. So I just went ahead and plugged
that in. Now let's get the body copy.
Now I think we could do a little bit
more. Or we could have a little bit more
words here in the body copy. Give me
more body copy variations. And make the
body copy slightly longer. So let's see
what we can get right here. All right.
So we got some different options right
here. Let's see what I want. Okay. I
kind of like this. I just like this
straightforward right in the copy. So
I'm going to copy this. And then I don't
love this part as much. So I might steal
from like another one. Actually, now
that I'm looking at this, this is kind
of repetitive. So, I'm going to get rid
of that. Then we just have our most
loved logo TE's. Okay, so after going
back and forth for a little bit, I've
kind of like boiled things down to these
after talking with Chat GPT, and I think
I like this one the best. Start with a
bold logo tea, layer on a denim jacket,
add your favorite jeans, clean cuts to
iconic Vic, now's the time to restock
the styles you wear on repeat. Banger.
So, this is what it's like to go back
and forth with chat GPT. And I'm
probably going to get rid of this. I
think that this is nice, clean, and
straightforward. Let's just add a line
about getting an extra 20% off in store.
Boom. Shop online or head in store to
unlock an extra 20% off. This looks
pretty good to me. We'll have a photo
gallery. Oh, and then we need this
bottom section right here. How I think
about these bottom sections is treat it
like a mini email if we're just going to
have a little blurb at the bottom. So,
just a headline, bonus savings in store
as a friends and family bonus. Take an
extra 20% off when you shop in person.
Same styles, even better deal. Just walk
in and show up. And so, I kind of just
asked Chat GBT to help me come up with a
quick section on this, and then I took
some of these ideas, read some of this,
kind of just like words smmith together
this right here. So, not too shabby. I
think this is all good to design. Now,
let's go to the Fastables email. We have
a peanut butter chocolate feature. We'll
have a sustainability section and then
use some of their designs but kind of
just add things and make them
emailified. So, same situation. We are
going to add these different sections
right here. And I think I'm literally
just going to have chat GPT like do this
all for me or at least help me create
like the whole outline of this email.
So, going back to the email marketing
brain, I'm going to have it write
another email for me. Answer B and then
it's going to ask the questions. So, I'm
literally just having ChatGpt help me
answer these questions to then give back
to ChatGpt. So, what is the email about?
What you can do is you can give chat GPT
all of the links. So I said peanut
butter chocolate feature email and then
linked it to the page and then add
sustainability section for the bridge
from this. So let's just give chatbt
this and see what we can come up with.
You can see some pretty cool subject
line ideas. This bar will ruin all
chocolate for you. Warning, addictively
creamy inside. And then some good
preview texts right here. And so you can
see it analyzed the website and kind of
got the tone of voice right here. Lots
of good stuff. So headline, peanut
butter, chocolate, goatated. This bar
slaps. So that's very much in his voice.
Mr. Beast's favorite snack right now.
Clean Eats never tasted this filthy
good. Nothing artificial. All the
flavor. You've had chocolate. You've had
peanut butter, but never like this.
Okay, that's kind of a banger. I think
I'm going to use that. Organic,
plant-based, and melt inyou mouth magic.
This is your upgrade. Okay, I like this.
Let's go on ahead and get to work on the
actually writing this copy. So for this
email, I want to make sure that we have
the headline. We don't need to have a
sub headline if we don't want to. We're
just going to go straight to a shop now
button. And then I'm just going to go
with our typical layout. They have
really good visual. So I want to have a
cool visual of the chocolate bar. Cool
visual of chocolate bar right here,
which we can probably take from
something. Yeah, like this is perfect.
We'll use this and make it look super
cool. And so for the headline, what do
we want to do? So for the headline, I
want to make sure it mentions peanut
butter. And this is the only one that
mentions it. Give me more headline
options that have peanut butter in it.
Let's see what we can get here that
maybe we can steal. Okay, so going at
these. I kind of like cuz he always says
that slaps. So I think we can do
something like peanut butter that slaps.
If we had the and it's clean, we could
do that. But I think we might run out of
words here. So I'm going to do peanut
butter that slaps. And then for body
copy, we had this little blurb up here
which we like. You've had chocolate.
You've had peanut butter, but never like
this. I like how educational this is,
but I also like this. So, I'm going to
take this as well. Do we think that that
could fit in? This isn't your average
gas station candy. And then we'll take
in this blurb that I liked right here.
And this should be pretty good to go, I
think, after we word smith this all in.
You've had chocolate, you've had peanut
butter, but never like this. This isn't
your average gas station candy. Rich
cream of peanut butter meets organic
milk chocolate in a combo that hits
every time. No GMOs, no palm oil, just
real deal deliciousness. Perfect. Love
that. Now we need to add our bridge
section. So we just have text here in
this bridge section. I probably want
some sort of graphic. Maybe I kind of
just like this right here. I'm just
going to say give me more options for
bridge section as infographics. So we
can get some different things right
here. This is talking about a lot of the
ingredients inside from farm to feast
sustainability timeline. This is a
pretty cool idea. These different
sections right here, metrics. So
different metrics we could do. Fastables
impact stats. So I'm going rogue here
cuz kind of what I want to do is I want
to leverage us against big chocolate. So
I want to say I want to create like an
us versus them feel with our brand cuz
that's why it was created. So what I
would do here is add something like
taking down big chocolate
with ethical sourcing. I think that's a
really good sub headline. And then let's
talk about okay what is ethical
sourcing? So, I'd probably say something
like summarize ethical sourcing for
feastables in bullet points. And then
we'll have just like a little bullet
point infographic of what this means for
us. Rainforest alliance certified cacao,
transparency and sourcing, no palm oils,
regenerative agriculture goals,
sustainabilitydriven packaging. Okay,
give more quick ones. Fair pay for
farmers. Okay, we got a lot more here.
I'm just going to pick out five of
these. So, this is what we've ended up
with and we should be all good to go.
Actually, we always want to end with a
general CTA. So, I'm just going to add
something super simple. I think this
bridge section will take up a little bit
of space. We're going to have a lot of
heavy visuals at the top. So, I'm just
going to add a section here like shop
below to get yours. And then something
fun, we could say like uh your taste
buds will thank you. And then shop
peanut butter bar. We'll just have this
final quick call to action and then we
will have our footer and we are all good
to design. Peanut butter. That slaps.
You've had chocolate. You've had peanut
butter, but never like this. This is
your gas station candy. Rich cream duh
bridge section and then a final little
call to action. And then our footer
banger. And now we have the Calvin Klein
up at the top. Nice and simple. Straight
to the discount. Typically for clothing
brands, we need a little bit less words
and more showing the products. So this
is okay. Right here we have less copy,
just straight to the products and
showing the value of the sale. That's
always what we want in sales is to show
the value. And then right here for just
highlighting a product that make it kind
of seem new. Peanut butter that slaps.
You've had chocolate. It kind of seems
like this is new coming out. So it can
hit on that sort of novelty factor that
psychologically humans love. We're going
to have a button way up high in the
email. Perfect. We're going to have a
cool visual with the chocolate bar.
We're going to have a bridge section,
which if you're doing non-discount
emails, we need to make sure we have
good education and kind of like
different ways that we can
psychologically get the customer to buy,
such as doing like us versus them. like
why support big chocolate? We're taking
them down. This is what ethical sourcing
means for us. Then find a little call to
action in footer. We are all good to
design here. All righty. So, we have the
copy all completed for both of these.
Now, let's actually get to the
designing. I'm going to start with the
um Fastables one. We just did it. Fresh
on my mind and I have a lot of ideas.
So, I want to do that first. Uh but we
are going to our design tool. This is
Figma. Um I'm going to be walking you
through this. I have also another
tutorial on my channel on email design
with Figma. It's the best tool. highly
recommend using it. Essentially, you
have this big field and we can do our um
all of our edits and all all the stuff
we need to do right here inside of
Figma. So, what we're going to do is
we're going to get to designing. The
first thing I like to always do is we're
going to start off with some sort of se
you can do a frame. You could start off
with a rectangle, whatever you want. We
can have this right here. I like to make
my emails 600 uh pixels wide. And then
now we can kind of like map out our
email with everything that we want. So,
I just put in kind of the copy right
here and what the email is going to look
like just so we have it for reference.
So, I'm actually just going to insert a
frame here. Name this the Fastables
email. So, looking at their website
here, there's a lot of things that we
could do. I think for the background, I
want to go for like this little like
lines, these like flashing lines right
here. I think that's what I'm going to
go for for the background of this email.
So, we're going to need to find this
blue. We're going to need to find like
how to use these like line things. I'll
go see what kind of patterns that I can
find. And exactly. I want the background
to be just like this right here, this
background. And so what we can do is you
can go to free pick. This is the tool
that I use for any like sort of
backgrounds. And right here we already
have a ton of stuff that we can use. We
can literally just copy any one of
these. And so I found this. I've
imported this into the document. And
kind of all we need to do is drag this
in here. And then boom. So we have this.
I'm going to leave this here for now.
But it is a little bit too light. We
want it to be just like a darker blue.
Kind of like this. So, what we can do is
we can find color right here. And then I
just like to go to something like color
finder. We can insert this image here.
And then find here. Take the hex. Go
back into Figma. Take a rectangle. Make
it that color. And then let's put this
right over here. And then I'm going to
send this to the back. We have this. And
then what I'm going to do is I'm going
to see if I can turn the opacity down so
we can see the background design a
little bit more. And then boom. This
should be pretty good. Something just
like this. So let's move forward with
this. So now we have the main sort of
like background figured out. Let's paste
in this logo. Center it right in the
middle right here. Make sure we go all
the way to the edge right here. And then
boom. Let us put in our copy. So I just
put in a text box. Went in like this. I
can center you right here. And then I
found the font. We're just going to be
using Canet. However you pronounce this.
Every brand's going to be a different
font, but this is what we're going to do
here. Going to want to make this a lot
bigger. Kind of what I'm thinking of is
having something like this headline
where peanut butter isn't big and then
under it it says that slaps. So that's
what I'm going to go with here. A lot of
emails and good graphic design, they
different sizes, different dimensions of
different parts just to give it some
more depth. So, kind of what I'm
thinking here is if we make this all
caps right here, and we make this one
super thick, just like that. Pause. And
then we put in whatever color we want.
We can go to like an orange color right
here, so that it's the color of peanut
butter. So, this looks good right here.
Peanut butter. And actually, I kind of
want this to be bigger. Could make this
even bigger if we did something like 75.
I'm going to separate this text out just
so I can come back to it. You know what?
I actually just went to their website
and I found this. It says peanut butter
and it looks just like a plain product
or plain image right here. So, what if I
just literally use this? Okay, this is
perfect. Let's put this in. And oh,
perfect. Oh, this is way better than I
could have done. I want to make this
smaller, but I want to make sure that I
don't mess up any of the dimensions. So,
I'm just going to do this. And then we
could do just like that. Move this a
little bit under. Let's change this to
be capital letters as well. And probably
make this a little bit smaller so it's a
little bit cleaner. Maybe a little bit
more bold. And boom. That actually looks
pretty solid. Peanut butter. That slaps.
Let's copy and paste and put in our body
copy right here. Go back here. Copy and
paste our body copy. Put you in here.
And this is obviously way too wide.
Going to adjust this. Just going to mess
around with the sizing a little bit and
I will get back to you guys. All right.
So, this is what we ended with. Went
with size 18. Centered it just like
this. We're all good. We're going to add
in our button right here. And then we're
going to pull in our pictures of the
chocolate. So, for a button, we can just
enter a box right here. And for the
color, we can use this tool here to find
this color just to make this match a
little bit. I usually like to make my
buttons pretty big. The bigger the
better because it's easier for the
customer to click. So, we want to make
sure these are big. Just copy and
pasting this text and saying shop now.
I'll insert this in. Right click, bring
this to the front. And then I'm going to
group these two together. And we have
this trick right here called auto
layout. Make this a little smaller. And
then we could center this how we want.
We can also click these two and use this
tool auto layout. And then it'll center
it. And then make sure that everything
is formatted properly. So looking here,
I want to replicate this button on their
website. So they have corners. Um it's
rounded and they have a black border.
So, what we can do here is we can go
around here, add a corner radius, do
something like five. That should be
pretty good. And then we can add a
stroke. If we add a stroke right here,
it'll automatically add that bold
outline around there. So, maybe let's
make this a little bit thicker. And that
seems to be good to go. Just like that.
I'm going to bold this text. Maybe
italicize it kind of like how they do
it. Boom. That should be perfect. Look
at this. Not too bad. Now, let's get our
chocolate graphic, which we are just
going to take from here. Perfect. Just
dragged it in here. And this should fit
pretty well, honestly. Make this
smaller. Drag this in just like this.
And this is looking pretty sweet up
here. One thing I don't like is this
seems very tall. It's going to take a
while to scroll. So, I'm going to see if
I can cut down on our lines by spreading
this out a little bit. And that already
looks a little bit better. Let's move
this up here. And boom. This isn't
looking too bad at all. And I kind of
want to make this even more 3D. Just got
this off of the internet right here.
Just looked up peanut butter swoosh and
I got this. And I think that this will
add a lot of depth. Maybe if we put this
behind it, make it look even more
explosive. And look at that. That's
looking pretty clean. If we add it to
like something like right back here. And
then this is just a different part of
this image that I want to drag in just
to give us a little bit more depth. And
already this is looking pretty pretty
sweet. Let's move this down cuz we have
this going over the text. We want to
make sure that moves behind the text. A
little bit hard to read. So maybe we
want to adjust this a little bit, but
this is looking pretty pretty good. And
I really want to have these little
clouds. I think that this would be super
cool and like little rainbows. So I'm
going to go see what I can find. Some
things like this. Oh, this would be
perfect. All right. I was able to pull
some of these from their website and I
think that these are going to be sweet.
Oh, I love this. Add in some clouds
throughout. And this is just going to
add a ton to the email. Oh my goodness,
look at how much more life this just
got. Love this. I think this hero
section is pretty much good to go. Let's
move on and get to our bridge section.
So, we just need to extend this email
down. I need to cut off this these
sections right here. Push them up. Maybe
move it to like right here so we can get
on with the next section. And actually,
to help this transition cuz I'm going to
switch the transition from blue probably
and this will help kind of like
alleviate that. And so we need this
background right here. This grainy
little texture. And so I actually pulled
one from free pick. Just copied it. And
we've pretty much replicated it. So this
is the other background of the email
that I want to use. If we drag it in
right here, I'll send it to the back.
And then perfect. This looks like Mr.
Beast's website. And for this section,
we have the taking down Big Chocolate.
We're going to have a list right here.
And so what I want to do is I'm just
going to pull an image. Or actually, you
know what? Let's add the copy in here.
And so I just brought in the copy here.
And then for this top headline, which is
right here, all I did was I made it
bold, added a fill, and then actually
what I did here is I added the same
thing just right here as backgrounds,
but made it black. And then we have this
right here. But I want to have an image
to show that it's real. And so I'm just
going to copy this image right here. So
just copy and pasted this in. Made sure
the copy was right here. And then we are
really good right here. And then we have
the what ethical sourcing means at
feastables. Now for this section of the
bullet points that we are supposed to be
hitting. I just don't like how this
looks. So I'm going to see if I can find
something on mil. I think Monk Pack is
pretty similar to us. Um so I want to
see if I can find how they have executed
some sort of list. Couldn't find
anything. So I went back to their
website and they have the these FAQ
boxes. So I think I might just copy this
cuz I like how it looks. So, I'm going
to try to do something like that as
well. And so, if we I'm just going to
copy and paste, put the text right here.
And let me look. So, we have a rectangle
and then we have words in the rectangle.
So, let's put this rectangle. For the
color, we're going to copy this same
color as well. We're going to add
another corner radius because it looks
like they have corner radiuses on this.
And then we have a black outline here.
So, let's add another stroke. Maybe set
it at like four. Maybe make this a
little bigger. I just pulled a frame of
a plus sign right here. And we could
just use this. And then let's put in
this first bullet point and see how this
looks. Boom. Okay, that doesn't look
that bad. Cool. Let's try this out and
see how it looks for everything. All
right. So, this is what we came up with.
I did a little bit of advanced
organization here on the left side, but
you can see those rectangles that I put.
Just put in the copy right here. And we
have everything right here in this
section. And this looks pretty good. I
like it. We have it all in one frame. So
I use these as little frames. And so if
you click onto something, you can see
it's a frame right here. And so it's all
grouped together. And then I put a frame
around all these frames. And then what
you can do within these is is you can do
different things like you can change the
uh distance between them with something
like this if we wanted them to be wider.
Uh but I think this looks good. We'll
extend this background a little bit to
right here. And then let's end with our
final uh shop below to get your section.
So I'm just copy and pasting the same
background as before. And then I just
want to move this to the back. And I
think if we end with like a final
section like this to bring it all
together. That should be pretty cool.
Need to bring the same rectangle blue
color. So it's the same. And then we're
just going to copy and paste and put
this shop below to get yours. Your taste
buds will thank you. Copy and paste you.
This looks good. But this is kind of
awkward. So, I'm going to put this on a
different line. Your taste buds will
thank you. Going to capitalize this
right here. And then this kind of looks
a bit small, but I'll add that later.
I'm just going to copy and paste this
last call to action and put it here.
What would happen if I made you a little
bit bigger? Okay, I like that. And then
kind of want to spread these out. So,
maybe line height. If we increase the
line height, these will spread out.
Perfect. This was a bit of a harsh
transition. So, I just found this little
piece, which is also on their website.
So, that kind of helps with that. Maybe
I want to move it over so it's separate
as the other. But maybe that's fine
right there. And boom. That looks really
good. Now, let's add in the footer. All
right. So, just doing the finishing
touches here. Let me crop this to where
I want. And boom. Let me show you what I
did. So, to add some extra depth here, I
put this in like the foreground. And it
kind of looks like we still have this
design going spurting out from the call
to action, which is super cool. And
actually, this still looks a little bit
bare. So, let me get a couple of clouds.
I think that that'll make this look a
little bit cooler. There we go. Okay,
now we're looking good. This email is
looking pretty sweet. I'm going to spend
a couple more minutes kind of like
touching things up to be where I want it
to be. All righty. So, here is the final
product. I made it a little bit more
vivid, like the colors throughout. I
added these lines right here to separate
the sections just a little bit more. We
have this section and then I did the
same thing here. Changed the call to
action to say shop peanut butter bar and
put in the footer right here with just
like buttons and sections right here uh
with the logo and then just what they
had in their footer. And we are looking
pretty saucy. I love how this turned
out. I'd be lying if I said I didn't
consult with one of my designers on hand
to put this together, but this is
amazing. Shout out Diana. Amazing email.
This was the before and then this is how
we turned out. This is just what
reviewing tens of thousands of emails
over the course of a long time can help
you bring to life. All right, so we have
this one. Now, let's go to the Calvin
Klein email, which I think it's going to
be a lot simpler and hopefully a lot
faster. All right, so I kind of put the
layout here. I deleted the images and
then kind of put them back, but this is
what we're working with. Let's get to
designing this email. So, let's put in a
new frame right here. We'll name it
Calvin Klein. Let's set the background
is set as white. Let's set this as 600
width. So, I'm going to start by putting
all the copy in here cuz there are a lot
of different ways that you could put
together an email. For this one, I'm
going to start with putting all the copy
inside. All right. So, I just put the
copy in with just like some estimates on
like sizing and where it could be. The
fonts that I'm using, I just using
Guist. It's the closest thing that I
could find to their website. And so for
this email, we're probably going to keep
it pretty minimal and have this white
background so it's very familiar to them
in their website. Then we're going to
use this red color and we're just going
to show a lot of models in their
products. So this is what we're looking.
We put a photo gallery. So I'm going to
pull in some pictures of the logo TE's
and then we'll try to make some sort of
photo gallery here. I'm just looking at
Aloe here to get some inspiration maybe
on some different photo galleries. So,
they do a lot of like full image here.
So, they keep it pretty simple. So, I
think we'll keep it pretty simple as
well. All right. So, I got a couple of
their logo TE's that they were
highlighting and pushing a little bit
across their different channels. So,
let's see what I can do here. I might
mix things up a little bit and not have
this here and try to have like a photo
gallery kind of in the middle. These are
all kind of like different sizes, so
it's a little bit awkward. But something
I've seen brands do is if you don't have
these overlap and you have like a little
bit of the background in there, like
something like this, it could look a
little better. Let me play around with
moving these around a little bit. Okay,
so here's what I ended up doing. I tried
to make space, some space for something
to fit in. And I think I like this. We
had to crop these a little bit. But what
we can do here, which I've been seeing a
lot of brands do, is you can actually
have move the logo and everything kind
of to the side a little bit and do
something like this. And we can move
this down a little bit and have it all
be in one line. Move these together. And
I kind of like this. It's like a 3D sort
of look right here. I think this is
pretty cool. I like it. It's different.
You don't see a lot of brands doing
this. And this is how you can stand out
in the inbox, finding different ways to
show how you're displaying your products
and of course mixing things up for the
subscriber. So, I kind of like this.
Let's let's try it out and see how we
like it and how the email progresses.
But we do still need to add our buttons
right here. So, all I'm going to do is
again put in a rectangle. Put in a
rectangle. Maybe duplicate it. Maybe I
will frame you two. Use auto layout
right here so that they're hugged
together. Change them to black. Put in
the copy here. adjust these. And this
looks pretty good. Looks like a decent
top hero section right here. Just nice
and simple, to the point. It kind of
matches their website. Perfect. Now,
let's move into this next section. So,
what we need to do under pair with
denim, then women's denim is we need to
recreate this for some different product
images. So, let's find a couple of our
products that we want to use. All right.
So, I pulled a few here and I've started
to put in the text with the percent off.
You can just see this is just a line
right here. here. It's just a slightly
smaller and crossed it out. You can see
with the strike through right here. And
then I made the price a little bit
bigger. And then red 30% off. And then
shop now. I just did underlined sort of
like a bold shop now right here. And
then we have this product image right
here. So now we have to figure out how
in the world are we going to do this. So
there are a couple ways that we can do
this. Essentially what we need is we
need a border and we need this girl to
go in front of it. So, actually
something that we can do. So, what I'm
going to do here is we want to separate
this girl from the background. And so,
if we go to plugins right here, icons 8
background remover. We can remove
background, select the image, and then
go to the icons 8 background remover.
Remove background. And then what this is
going to do is this is going to separate
her from the actual background. So,
let's let this run a second and see what
it pops out. All right, perfect. So, you
can see it removed the background. This
is what it was before and this is what
it is now. So now if we wanted to, we
could do whatever sort of stuff like
this. Have her cast a shadow, have there
be multiple of her and the background is
untouched. Now what we need that for is
the background. So if we put this
picture of her right here, and then we
line it up so it's perfect, and then we
cut the background. I'm holding down
command on my keyboard and go like this.
We can see that in the background she's
getting cut off, but in the foreground
since we have this piece of her that's
right here, this goes over the top. So,
it gives that cool effect where it's
like almost 3D, which gives it that
really cool look. And then we can add a
border right here. So, if we wanted to
go to this image right here and then add
a border, a stroke just like that, then
boom, we kind of have this effect where
it's goes around her just like this,
exactly in the example that we're going
for. So now we need to add the other
border right down here. And we need to
add this kind of around this section. So
all we need to do is add in a rectangle.
Align this up. Make a white background.
Add in the stroke that we want. And then
we'll move this behind everything right
here. And then adjust right here how we
want. It looks super thick when they're
lined up. So let's move this up. And now
we are looking pretty solid. I like it.
This is great. Now, let's recreate this
for everybody. All righty. Here we are.
I just finished updating this. So,
you're going to see a couple things a
little bit different that I changed. I
added in all the remaining products,
added in the buttons, and then women's
denim, men's denim. But you'll see this
background I actually changed, and it's
kind of like a beach sort of vibe right
here, which I think kind of goes well
with like the brown background here. All
I did was I went to free pick here, and
then I found something just like this. I
couldn't find it again. Um, but found
something just like this and then kind
of like set it as the background. Zoomed
in a little bit and you can see the
image right here. There's the girl's
background and then you can see the
image right here. You can actually see
this was the exact image that I chose
right here for the background and then
just zoomed in on the waves. Put it
inside this frame. Had to mess around
with it a little bit and then boom,
we're all set. Super clean, super
effective. Something to note about this
section is every item needs to have a
shop now button. So the customer knows
so they can click and go shop that item
right now. So right there we are all
set. We're done with this section. Now
we need to do the bonus savings in
store. So typically something like this
we're going to want to do something kind
of like this. But I'm going to separate
it from the footer this side this time
just to show you guys that we can do
that. And when we have something like
this I could just make it plain. But
typically I like to kind of put this
over top like an image of some sort. It
kind of just stands out a little bit
above just like the plain footer which
we're going to have. Okay. So, I just
pulled this image, which is pretty
solid. Adjusted the sizing of it to just
be right here. Um, kind of just like the
the aesthetic of the brand. It was one
of the first things I saw on the
website. What I'm going to do is I'm
going to put this in. I'm going to move
this to the back and then put you here.
We're going to have to change the color
of this to white. And so, when it's
difficult to see like this, what we can
do is if you go to fill down here, we
click plus. we can add kind of like a
shadow in front of it so it's nice and
dark. We're going to make this dark
enough until we can see our text super
clearly. So, I think that's probably
good right here kind of at 60. Let's
just center these. And this looks pretty
good. And now we can add our footer. For
the footer, super straightforward. All
that we did was we just added the logo
right here. And then just added a couple
different boxes right here and added in
and split by category. We always want to
have shop by category or some sort of
thing in the footer so that the customer
if they get to the bottom of this email
and they kind of don't find the product
that they like, they could scroll to the
bottom and be like, you know what, maybe
I will go shop new arrivals or maybe I
will go shop denim or underwear or
jackets, whatever it is. We want to give
them that option. So, this is looking
good. I don't really have any other
edits. I think this is clean. It's a
little bit different. I actually just
noticed that this isn't really centered.
So, I need to center that. And I am not
a designer by any any means. I'm sure a
lot of the designers out there watching
this are like probably gritting their
teeth because I don't use auto layout or
anything like that too much or any of
the cool like Figma tools. A lot of this
stuff I'm just eyeing it. That's why I
hire designers like this right here.
Just noticing that this isn't centered.
So let's shift this. And then that looks
good enough. Maybe if you look at this
through a magnifying glass, you're going
to find some subtle differences, but
we're fine. So looks like we are all
good to go. Let's actually upload these
emails into Clavio so that we can send
them. So, in order to upload this into
our sending platform, all that we're
going to be doing is we're going to use
this slice tool. And essentially what
the slice tool does is anything within
the frame that you slice, you can export
it as like an image. And so, that is
what we're going to do. We're going to
be slicing up our emails into small
sections because each individual section
is going to have its own link. Like for
example, this little section right here
needs to have a different link because
it needs to link to the 90s loose fit
jeans. Whereas this section needs to be
the skinny jeans. And you don't want to
have too big of a slice because it's
going to be a big file for the customer.
We want to split things up. And kind of
the biggest size that you'd want, it's
probably around 800 or so in length. And
so instead, what I'm going to do here is
I'm going to split just before these
call to actions. Go just like this. I'm
going to export them. I like to export
on two times. And we're going to save
them as image slices as PGs. And then we
can slice up the rest of the email and
do what we want. So for this next
section, I'm just going to line these
up. Now, we need to split by the call to
action. We can split it all the way over
here. We want to set dimensions as 300
cuz our email is 600 in width. We want
this to be exactly halfway. Make sure
that's lined up. And then boom, export
this slice. Copy and paste. Go over to
the other side. This is going to be the
next slice. And then repeat this for
these bottom sections. And then once we
have our image slice, I'm just going to
do just half of this cuz I think you
guys will get the point. Before we
upload to Clavio, we want to compress
these image files because right now
they're really big and really complex
files. And so I like to go to i love
img.com. You go to this compress image
section. We're going to take all of our
slices wherever they are, upload them
in, compress it, and you'll see that it
made our files 72% smaller. And the
differences in the image quality is
really minimal. We can click on this.
You can see it's still very high
quality. So, let's go back into Clavio.
Let's create a campaign. We'll say test
Calvin Klein. Send an email. Click
continue. Whatever audience we want. Say
I did just newsletter. Turn you off. Put
our subject line. Hi, there. And then
we're just going to create our email
right here. And all we're going to be
doing is uploading our email as image
blocks. So, I'm just going to delete
these sections right here. Just going to
drag in these images right here. Upload
our compressed files. Here's slice one.
Upload this. Clavio has a compressed
option. They'll do the compressing for
you. However, I found that it's not too
good quite yet. I still prefer to use I
love IMG. So, actually right here we
have the buttons that we need to split
by. And so, what we can do is we can
insert a table right here and then
switch this to an image cell content.
You can see there's kind of like gaps
around here. So, if we go to styles, we
can Okay, my camera just died. I'm
literally on my phone right now, but let
me finish showing this to you because we
have our table right here. We want to
enter zero for the padding so that we
just have our images and we can edit
this in just like this. And then you can
see those images go full bleed now. And
then we can put in our different buttons
over here. Upload these. Do the same
thing for this side. And we can actually
delete this because we have another
table that we're going to introduce
right here. And then just like that, we
have two tables right here. We have this
and then we could have the other slices
to our emails down here at the bottom.
And all that we have to do is add in our
links right here on top of all of our
images wherever they're going. So this I
would just put the link of the Calvin
Klein product section. So if we go to
men's, then we could just click this
link and then upload it for the men's
for this sort of link right here. And
then you just put the links throughout
and then you are good to go. That's
literally it. Just uploading as images
inside of Clavio. Thank you so much for
watching. Sorry for the little camera
malfunction there at the end, but I hope
you got value from this. Make sure to
check out this video on my channel for
more knowledge on email marketing.